Docs into new template files (#1205)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: edifact-edi/2.1/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

See the xref:x12-edi::x12-edi-schema-language-reference.adoc[EDI Schema Language Reference] for more information.

== About Schema Locations

To use the connector, you need to know the locations of the schemas
in your project. If you're using out-of-the-box EDIFACT schemas and
not customizing anything, the schema location follows the
`/edifact/{version}/{message}.esl` pattern, so for the D.98B version of the ORDERS message, your schema location is `/edifact/d98b/ORDERS.esl`.

If you're using one or more custom schemas, put these under
`src/main/resources` and refer to the location relative to this directory.
For example, if you've put your ORDERS schema (either overlay or full) at `src/main/resources/mypartner/ORDERS.esl`,
your schema location is `/mypartner/ORDERS.esl`.

== About the EDIFACT Message Structure

The connector enables the reading or writing of EDIFACT documents into or from the canonical EDI message structure. This structure is represented as a hierarchy of Java Maps and Lists, that can be manipulated using DataWeave or code. Each transaction has its own structure as defined in the schemas.

> The message contains the following keys (some only applies to either the read operation or the write operation, as indicated):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message contains the following keys (some only apply to either the Read or Write operations, as indicated):
```
